docs: panel (#964)
deephaven/deephaven-plugins: plugins/ui/docs/components/panel.md

# Panel

> 
> Similar to a flex container, panel can be used to group elements together. By dragging the tab, panels can be moved to different positions.
> 
> Note: By default, the top-level `@ui.component` is automatically wrapped in a panel. Therefore, you only need to define it if you want to customize the panel, such as setting a custom tab name, color, or invoking methods like focus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The `panel` component is a versatile [flex](./flex.md) container designed to group and organize elements within a layout. Panels are presented as individual tabs that can be moved to different positions by dragging the tabs around. By default, the top-level return of a `@ui.component` is automatically wrapped in a panel, so you only need to define a panel explicitly if you want to customize it. Customizations can include setting a custom tab title, background color or customizing the flex layout.
```

## Example

```python
from deephaven import ui

@ui.component
def ui_panel():
    text = ui.text_field()

    return ui.panel(text, title="Text Field")

my_panel = ui_panel()
```

## Nesting

> A panel cannot be nested within other components (other than the layout ones such as [ui.row](#uirow), [ui.column](#uicolumn), [ui.stack](#uistack), [ui.dashboard](#uidashboard)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Panels can only be nested within [ui.row](./dashboard.md#row-api-reference), [ui.column](./dashboard.md#column-api-reference), [ui.stack](./dashboard.md#stack-api-reference) or [ui.dashboard](#./dashboard.md).
```

Prefer positive wording and fixed links.

```python
from deephaven import ui

my_nested_panel = ui.dashboard([ui.panel("A"), ui.panel("B")])
```

## Style Props

> 

Reviewer: Why isn't this using autodoc? This should not be done manually.

Author: Removed this section entirely

These are the available props to adjust how the items within the panel will be displayed

`title`: The title of the panel, displayed in the tab.

> `direction`: The direction of the panel's content layout, either "row" or "column".

Author: The style props available for panel are a combination of the props available from flex and view. I was thinking of pointing the users to view each of those docs if they wanted to see examples. But if it's better to include visual examples here I can do that as well

Reviewer: This should be the autodoc, but no you don't need to show examples of any of the common props.
